# What
Terminal Emulator written in Rust with the help of Iced frawework and iced_term crate

# Why
I love zellij, but kdl makes me want to tinker with it less, and I am not the biggest fan
of "modes" and trying to remember which binds are shared, which are exclusive to each mode etc.
The reason I went with Iced and iced_term was mostly because I dont like WRITING TUIs. Ratatui is great,
but I just don't vibe with state management there, MVC/ELM model in iced clicks with my brain much better
for more complex things + it feels much snappier since the terminal part has less to render and think about.

# Plans
While I can't make any promises, considering my ADHD brain can pivot into something else, but at least
right now im planning to continue developing and improving this based on my needs first.

# Contributions
NOT ACCEPTED RIGHT NOW (will remove this text when i do)

Until I make a proper 0.1.0 release where I think it's ready for wider consumption, then I might
start accepting PRs (if there is anyone who interested).

# AI Policy
NO SLOP. If I see an issue/PR clearly generated by AI, or the person who sent them clearly can't explain
what "they" have done - insta close and ban if spammed. I want to talk to actual developers about actual,
thought out code, not a hallucination vomited by a robot without any verification of correctness of the output.

AI-ASSISTED development (simple/small snippet autocomplete or using agents as rubber duckies) is fine.
Big generated chunks of code or unverified, or fully/mostly generated bug reports are not welcome.

I am not planning on adding AGENTS.ms/skills.md or whatever is the newfangled thing is to the repo, and I won't
accept Claude/Codex/Copilot/whatever contributions either, I don't condone multi-billion dollar companies ripping
people off just to give a "dumb junior" and acting like they are giving panacea to the world because it can do simple CRUD,
causing more and more slop to appear everywhere I look because people are less willing to actually learn anything anymore.

Local LLMS are OK in my book though since you're in control and more likely making informed choices of which model to use in which
scenario.

Spamming issues asking to rethink this will also cause a ban/blacklist. If you don't like it and wanna vibecode, fork
and continue in your own silo with others who don't care about the quality of the code and just want to shit something
out quickly. It's MIT licensed, do whatever the hell you want with it. This is first and foremost my personal project, not
a product im planning to ever make money from. I want to enjoy working on it.
